NAME
       gcloud-components - List, install, update, or remove Google Cloud SDK
       components or packages.

SYNOPSIS
       gcloud components
         GROUP|COMMAND
         [--format FORMAT]
         [--help]
         [--project PROJECT]
         [--quiet, -q]
         [-h]

DESCRIPTION
       List, install, update, or remove Google Cloud SDK tools.

       Because you might need only some of the tools in the Cloud SDK to do
       your work, you can control which tools are installed on your
       workstation. You can install new tools on your workstation when you
       find that you need them, and remove tools that you no longer need. The
       gcloud command regularly checks whether updates are available for the
       tools you already have installed, and gives you the opportunity to
       upgrade to the latest version.

       Tools can be installed as individual components or as preconfigured
       packages of components that are typically all used together to perform
       a particular task (such as developing a PHP application on App Engine).

       Certain components depend on other components. When you install a
       component that you need, all components upon which it directly or
       indirectly depends, and that are not already present on your
       workstation, are installed automatically. When you remove a component,
       all components that depend on the removed component are also removed.

       o   The list command shows you all the tools in the Cloud SDK, whether
           they are installed on your machine, and whether an installed tool
           needs updating.

       o   The update command installs a tool for the first time, or upgrades
           to the latest version.

       o   The remove command removes an individual component.

       o   The restore command undoes the effect of the most recent update or
           remove command.

FLAGS
       --format FORMAT
           Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
           human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of
           the available options will serialize the result of the command in
           the chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are:
           "json", "text", "yaml".

       --help
           Display detailed help.

       --project PROJECT
           Google Cloud Platform project to use for this invocation.

       --quiet
           Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If
           input is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be
           raised.

       -h
           Print a summary help and exit.

GROUPS
       GROUP is one of the following.

       repositories
           Manage additional component repositories for Trusted Tester
           programs.

COMMANDS
       COMMAND is one of the following.

       list
           List the status of all Cloud SDK components.

       remove
           Remove one or more installed components.

       restore
           Restore the Cloud SDK installation to its previous state.

       update
           Update or install one or more Cloud SDK components or packages.

